#   0x07-networking_basics
##  Tasks
Files   |   Description
--------|--------------
[0-OSI_model](./0-OSI_model)    |   What is the OSI model? <br /> 1. Set of specifications that network hardware manufacturers must respect <br /> 2. The OSI model is a conceptual model that characterizes the communication functions of a telecommunication system without regard to their underlying internal structure and technology <br /> 3. The OSI model is a model that characterizes the communication functions of a telecommunication system with a strong regard for their underlying internal structure and technology. <br /> <br /> How is the OSI model organized? <br /> 1. Alphabetically <br /> 2. From the lowest to the highest level <br /> 3. Randomly
[1-types_of_network](./1-types_of_network)  |   What type of network a computer in local is connected to? <br /> 1. Internet <br /> 2. WAN <br /> 3. LAN <br /><br /> What type of network could connect an office in one building to another office in a building a few streets away? <br /> 1. Internet <br /> 2. WAN <br /> 3. LAN <br /><br /> What network do you use when you browse www.google.com from your smartphone (not connected to the Wifi)? <br /> 1. Internet <br /> 2. WAN <br /> 3. LAN.
[2-MAC_and_IP_address](./2-MAC_and_IP_address)  |   What is a MAC address? <br /> 1. The name of a network interface <br /> 2. The unique identifier of a network interface <br /> 3. A network interface <br /><br /> What is an IP address? <br /> 1. Is to devices connected to a network what postal address is to houses <br /> 2. The unique identifier of a network interface <br /> 3. Is a number that network devices use to connect to networks
[3-UDP_and_TCP](./3-UDP_and_TCP)    |   Which statement is correct for the TCP box: <br /> 1. It is a protocol that is transferring data in a slow way but surely <br /> 2. It is a protocol that is transferring data in a fast way and might loss data along in the process <br /><br /> Which statement is correct for the UDP box: <br /> 1. It is a protocol that is transferring data in a slow way but surely <br /> 2. It is a protocol that is transferring data in a fast way and might loss data along in the process <br /><br /> Which statement is correct for the TCP worker: <br /> 1. Have you received boxes x, y, z? <br /> 2. May I increase the rate at which I am sending you boxes?
[4-TCP_and_UDP_ports](./4-TCP_and_UDP_ports)    |   Write a Bash script that displays listening ports: <br /> --That only shows listening sockets <br /> --That shows the PID and name of the program to which each socket belongs
[5-is_the_host_on_the_network](./5-is_the_host_on_the_network)  |   Write a Bash script that pings an IP address passed as an argument.<br /><br /> Requirements: <br /> --Accepts a string as an argument <br /> --Displays Usage: 5-is_the_host_on_the_network {IP_ADDRESS} if no argument passed <br /> --Ping the IP 5 times.
